first I'm just going to blend in a
foundation mixture I'm adding in a
highlighter just to give my face more of
a glow
here I'm just applying a concealer one
shade lighter than my face I'm using
just as a base for underneath my eyes
here I'm just using my corrector stick
I'm going to apply it all over my
blemishes and as a top coat underneath
my eyes
I'm now just using liquid eyeliner
I just curl my eyelashes before I apply
my mascara
I'm now just applying bronzer to my
cheeks
you
in order to give me that new look and
just apply chapstick and then a little
bit of concealer on top
I just finish that up with my favorite
lip gloss
here I'm just doing any finishing touch
ups i need to do like applying blush to
my cheekbones this needs to be blended
very well
you